diff between sp and function
opps concepts
funtion overloading and overriding 
diff between virtual and abstract 
Virtual function	Pure virtual function

A virtual function is a member function of base class which can be redefined by derived class.	A pure virtual function is a member function of base class whose only declaration is provided in base class and should be defined in derived class otherwise derived class also becomes abstract.
Classes having virtual functions are not abstract.	Base class containing pure virtual function becomes abstract.
Syntax:
virtual<func_type><func_name>()
{
    // code
}
Syntax:
virtual<func_type><func_name>()
    = 0;
Definition is given in base class.	No definition is given in base class.
Base class having virtual function can be instantiated i.e. its object can be made.	Base class having pure virtual function becomes abstract i.e. it cannot be instantiated.
If derived class do not redefine virtual function of base class, then it does not affect compilation.	If derived class do not redefine virtual function of base class, then no compilation error but derived class also becomes abstract just like the base class.
All derived class may or may not redefine virtual function of base class.	All derived class must redefine pure virtual function of base class otherwise derived class also becomes abstract just like base class.

what is ado.net and entity framwork
how you implimented routing in mvc
what is action filters
how to validation perform inmvc? what is  data annotations in mvc
is data annotatioon perform client side or server side validation?
to perform server side or client side validation what we do?
if you want to not call action method , want to use internal purpose what command you use?
what are http verbs in mvc -httpget, httppost
what is entity framwork
what is diff between controler and api controller
what is web api?
how authentication flow done in angular? using awt
how you create angular application from scrach ?explain steps
what is ng module explain its meta data
how to fire a method in angular fro UI ? (CLICK)="METHOD NAME"
diff between observables and promice 
what is services 
what is dependecy injection
what source controls you worked ? git
what command is used for get and commit  and merge explain?

PULL: git pull 'remote_name' 'branch_name'
new branch: git checkout -b 'branch_name'
Push: git push -u origin master
Commit: git commit -m 'your message'

how did you diploy project in devops?
what is index and types
what is joins and types


explain your corrent project in brif?
your activities ? in project ?


--------------------------------------------------divya------------------------------------
ctc vs temptabl ? why ctc?
Temp Tables are physically created in the tempdb database. These tables act as the normal table and also can have constraints, an index like normal tables.
CTE is a named temporary result set which is used to manipulate the complex sub-queries data. This exists for the scope of a statement. This is created in memory rather than the Tempdb database. You cannot create an index on CTE.
Table Variable acts like a variable and exists for a particular batch of query execution. It gets dropped once it comes out of a batch. This is also created in the tempdb database but not the memory.

When to use CTE?
This is used to store the result of a complex subquery for further use.
This is also used to create a recursive query.

view have multiple controllers how to handle?
Yes, It is possible to share a view across multiple controllers by putting a view into the shared folder. By doing like this, you can automatically make the view available across multiple controllers.

cache with dynamic data how to handle?
normalization?
Normalization is the process of organizing data into a related table; it also eliminates redundancy and increases the integrity which improves performance of the query. To normalize a database, we divide the database into tables and establish relationships between the tables.
how to delete duplicate if rownumber() or partition is not there?
how to validate form fields?
template vs reactive forms? why we call it as reactive?
linq : get 5th to 10th row and particlar rows?---elementAt
view in sql?
promise vs observable? when to choose both them
compile time polymorphism vs run time polymorphism? when to choose?

-----------------------------------------------------------------------2 round------------------------
exception handling in angular?
grid systems in angular?
best practices in code?
how to use share services in angular? component communication?



