dispose vs finalize
abstarct vs interface
mediatypes in wbapi
dependency injection
delegate vs event
jwt form(header,payload,signature)
cros in webapi
truncate vs delete vs drop
promise vs observable
componet communication
ngmodule
life cycle hooks
constructor vs ngonit
readonly vs const
authentication vs authorization
filters in mvc
methods in action filters(OnActionExecuted,OnActionExecuting)

What is CORS?
Ans: CORS also known as Cross-Origin Resource Sharing is a process for accessing various web resources on different domains. 
With the help of CORS, web scripts can be integrated more openly with external content of the original domain. 
This further leads to better integration between web services.


What is Continuous Integration?
Ans: Continuous Integration is the process of using codes that are specially designed & automated for testing. 
This process helps the developers to easily deploy codes during the time of production.
Web developers use this process to integrate codes several times a day. 
These codes are checked automatically Continuous Integration helps in detecting errors quickly and locating them more easily.

 What is Multi-threading?
Ans: Multi-threading is a process of improving the performance of CPU. Generally, 
it is the ability of a program to get managed by more than one user at a time or manage multiple requests by the same user. 
Multi-threading is done by executing multiple processes that can be supported by the operating system.
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Tips to improve performance of C# code

Choose your data type before using it
Use For loop instead of foreach
Choose when to use a class and when to use a structure
Always use Stringbuilder for String concatenation operations
Choose best way to assign class data member
-----------------------------------------------------------------
10 Tricks to Optimize Your Angular App

ChangeDetectionStrategy.OnPush
Detaching the Change Detector
Local Change Detection
Run outside Angular
Use pure pipes
Use trackBy option for *ngFor directive
Optimize template expressions
Web Workers

---------------------2 round---------------
sql queries of last four char in name , stat with letter s, minimum sal
aithentication flow
sql peforamance
challenges in recent project
Action Filters in mvc
pipes in angular
rounting in angular,mvc
five diffence in agualrjs and angular
steps to launch application
--------------------------------3 round-----------------------
create procedure that accepts 2 parameters and returns sum of parameters 
query to display StudentName, subName and marks of class 10
even numbers display using LINQ
program to display
1
12
123
12
1

Filters in MVC
Resuls in MVC
Areas of MVC framework
two controllers have same using areas
Dependency inection in angular
components communication in angular
lifecycle hooks in angular
directives in angular
AOT in angular
abstract vs interface
Views in sql
indexes in sql
Triggers
conencted vs disconnected
steps to read sql storeproc in application
executenonquery,scalar,execute reader returntypes
application process in angular
